Suave Mint Hare

medium

# Users receive less than expected due to lack of slippage and deadline controls for requestWithdraw

## Summary
In FundingRateArbitrage, withdrawal is done in two steps: user submits `requestWithdraw()` and wait for owner to `permitWithdrawRequests()`. Due to the time lag between the two steps, a user may receive much less USDC than expected, and is also unable to cancel his request (could wait for an arbitrary amount of time for withdrawal to complete). 

## Vulnerability Detail
Based on code [comments](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-jojo-exchange-update/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L277), there could be a time lag of 24 hours between a request and permitted withdrawal. There are several issues at hand:

1) User gets back less USDC than expected. `getIndex()`  returns an index which is the ratio between the net value of the system and the total balance of USDC earned by liquidity providers. This index helps determine the amount of USDC that corresponds to the user's JUSD balance at the current state of the system. If index changes drastically between request and permit, the user could get back a lot less USDC than expected. Due to reasons mentioned below, this time lag could extend beyond 24 hours allowing the index to change further due to market conditions. 
	```solidity
	function requestWithdraw(uint256 repayJUSDAmount) external returns (uint256 withdrawEarnUSDCAmount) {
		...
		uint256 index = getIndex();
        uint256 lockedEarnUSDCAmount = jusdOutside[msg.sender].decimalDiv(index);
        ...
	}
	```


2) User's request cannot be fulfilled and is stuck. If index changes significantly, there is a chance that amount < fees and the permit will revert. In another scenario, if a user is blacklisted from USDC, the transfer of USDC will fail and the permit will revert. At this point, user would have transferred JUSD out but is unable to receive USDC back until the request is permitted.

	```solidity
	function permitWithdrawRequests(uint256[] memory requestIDList) external onlyOwner {
		...
		//@audit index is recalculated here
		uint256 USDCAmount = request.earnUSDCAmount.decimalMul(index);
		require(USDCAmount >= withdrawSettleFee, "USDCAmount need to bigger than withdrawSettleFee");
		...
	
		//@audit If user is blacklisted, this would fail
		IERC20(usdc).transfer(request.user, USDCAmount - feeAmount);
		...
	```

3. There could be a variety of other reasons why a user might want to cancel his request: e.g. changing market conditions, desire to use JUSD elsewhere etc. However, once the request is made there are no avenues to rescind it and a user could technically wait indefinitely for the Owner to fulfil a withdraw request. 

## Impact
User may get back less USDC than expected and/or could wait indefinitely for the request to be permitted, with no avenue to rescind the request. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-jojo-exchange-update/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L282
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-jojo-exchange-update/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L304
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Allow for users to input a slippage parameter for minimum USDC amount to be received. 
2. Allow users to set a deadline for request to be fulfilled, after which the request is cancelled.
3. Allow users to cancel withdraw requests.