Icy Lilac Canary

medium

# Sent native ether will not be recorded in the contract

## Summary
Sent native ether will not be recorded in the contract. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The `DepositStableCoinToDealer` contract accepts ether in the form of wrapped ether (wETH). The `depositStableCoin` function checks the condition `asset == weth && msg.value == amount` in line 43 https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/aca8529979caa9e99ea48948645e041925731ef4/src/DepositStableCoinToDealer.sol#L43 

If the value of `asset` is not equal to `weth`, the `deposit` call will not be executed. However, the user can still send `msg.value`, and the function will proceed to invoke the `safeTransferFrom` method, which is used to transfer ERC-20 tokens from the sender to the contract.

From the user's perspective, if they make a mistake in specifying the asset or amount and accidentally send native Ether, they may assume that the contract will handle it in the same way as the transfer of an ERC-20 token. However, the sent native ether will not be recorded in the contract. This could result in a loss of funds, as the contract will not be notified of the transfer of native Ether.

## Impact
The complexity of detecting unintentional transfers and the potential loss of funds for the sender. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/aca8529979caa9e99ea48948645e041925731ef4/src/DepositStableCoinToDealer.sol#L43 

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check for the absence of `msg.value`. If `asset != weth`, then `msg.value` should be equal to zero. 
