Suave Mint Hare

medium

# Gas griefing of Owner through requestWithdraw

## Summary
In FundingRateArbitrage.sol, an attacker can spam withdraw requests with an amount that could make the next step (permitWithdrawRequests) fail, causing DOS and gas grief to the Owner.

## Vulnerability Detail
On FundingRateArbitrage.sol, withdrawal is a two-step process: user submits `requestWithdraw` and owner batches requests through `permitWithdrawRequests`. 

An attacker could cause gas griefing to the owner by spam submission of `requestWithdraw` with the minimum value required to clear the check for `withdrawEarnUSDCAmount.decimalMul(index) >= withdrawSettleFee`.

After a time gap, owner will attempt to permit the withdraw requests. However, at this point it is likely that `index` would have drifted from the original value at time of request. If `index` is less than the value before, this check in `permitWithdrawRequests` will fail:
```solidity
uint256 USDCAmount = request.earnUSDCAmount.decimalMul(index);

require(USDCAmount >= withdrawSettleFee, "USDCAmount need to bigger than withdrawSettleFee");
```

This would result in wasted gas and possible DOS of other users' withdrawal requests as the Owner makes multiple attempts to call `permitWithdrawRequest` but fails if any of the requests doesn't pass the above check.
## Impact
Cost of attack:
Referencing FundingRateArbitrageTest.t.sol, the team sets `withdrawSettleFee = 2e6`. So for the cost of 2 usd per `requestWithdraw` an attacker can reasonably spam hundreds or thousands of requests - each with a likelihood of failing at the next permit step. 

Cost to owner:
On Arbitrum a L2, the majority of gas costs are attributed to calldata. When the owner calls `permitWithdrawRequests(uint256[] memory requestIDList)` the Owner has to pay for each request ID of 32 bytes length. For each zero byte = 4 gas, non-zero byte = 16 gas. So assuming 2 non-zero bytes and 30 zero bytes per request = 152 gas per requestId. If an attacker submits 1000 requests, that equals 152,000 gas * 25 gwei (L1 gas cost) = ~$10 per tx. 

As the requestIds are submitted in batches, other users with valid withdrawals will fail and be DOS-ed as well. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-jojo-exchange-update/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L294
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-jojo-exchange-update/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L310
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Set withdrawal threshold based on `repayJUSDAmount` instead of fees. Consider adding a buffer to allow for fluctuations in `index`. Lastly, also consider allowing Owner to delete/remove requests from the `withdrawRequests` array. 