Main Emerald Salmon

high

# FundingRateArbitrage suffers same share-inflation issues as ERC4626 vaults

## Summary

FundingRateArbitrage contract suffers from similar share inflation issues to ERC4626 vaults

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's say currently no one has deposited into the contract. A user is aiming to be the first depositor by depositing $500 worth of USDC (so 500 * 10^6) into the contract. A malicious frontrunner exploits this by first depositing exactly 1 (1 unit of usdc, not $1) into the contract, thus receiving exactly 1 share, and then sending $501 worth of usdc into the contract manually not through the deposit function. The user will receive 0 shares as a result of the round down, since the price of each share was over $500 at the time they deposited. The user will thus lose all funds. 

The reason that the frontrunner will receive exactly one share after their 1 unit deposit is because of this line:

`uint256 earnUSDCAmount = amount.decimalDiv(getIndex());`

And `getIndex()` will return `1e18` for the first deposit. And the reason the frontrunner can successfully inflate share value by sending the usdc into the contract manually is because of how `getNetValue` factors in `usdcBuffer` into the total net value. 

However, because a mempool does not exist on Arbitrum, frontrunning is much harder. However, this attack is still theoretically possible; the attacker would either have to get lucky with execution or execute every block waiting for a hit (so deposit top of block and attempt withdraw end of block). Worst case, even if the frontrunner doesn't get a hit, the fact that they are doing this consistently top of block can prevent other users from depositing. 

## Impact

Steal depositors funds

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/main/src/FundingRateArbitrage.sol#L258-L275

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Same fixes as ones recommended for ERC 4626 vaults